# Homework 8

## Starter Files
There are no starter files for this homework. Please create a file called `blackjack.py`, and put your code there.

## Submitting
To submit, please go to [okpy](https://okpy.org/usf/cs110/sp20/hw08/) (you will need to log in with your usfca.edu email),
and click `Create a new submission`. The instructions will direct you on how you should submit the assignment. You can create
multiple submissions, and for grading, you most recent submission will be used.

## Question
Design an implementation for the Blackjack game. 
Your design should include:
- Multiple classes with:
  - Instance fields
  - Instance methods
  - Documentation for all instance fields and instance methods. *Please use the lecture slides as an example.*

### Summary of game rules
- At the beginning of the game, all players are given a number of chips.
- At the beginning of each round, each player places a wager and bets a certain amount of their chips.
- Each player in the game is playing against the "dealer". 
  - If the player beats the dealer, that player wins the amount of chips that they wagered.
  - If the player loses to the dealer, that player loses the amount of chips that they wagered.
- After all players have placed a wager, all players (including the dealer) is dealt two cards.
- For each player (dealer goes last), they take their turn. The goal of the player during their turn is to get their card
total to be as close to, but not over 21. To do this, each player is given two options for their turn:
  - Hit: The player receives a new card. The player can continuously choose to "hit" as many times as they want until their
  card total goes above 21, in which case they go "bust".
  - Stand: The player ends their turn with their current card total.
- After all players have gone, the players who have a higher card total than the dealer and have not gone "bust" beat the
dealer. All other players lose to the dealer.

*The specifics of how card totals are not specified here since they are not important for the design.*

*Note: There are more rules in the game of blackjack, but they are not included.*
